README.md, before:

# Ansible Bitcoin Module

Ansible module for automating Bitcoin transactions.

This is experimental code and should not be used to transfer money. Run bitcoin or bitcoind with the -testnet flag to use the testnet (or put testnet=1 in the bitcoin.conf file).

## Examples

```
# Send 0.01 BTC to 1xsb94c9AMkj8GzhqYEJkieCXBpCZPvaF
- bitcoin: sendtoaddress=1xsb94c9AMkj8GzhqYEJkieCXBpCZPvaF amount=0.01

# Send a transaction using testnet
- bitcoin: sendtoaddress=1xsb94c9AMkj8GzhqYEJkieCXBpCZPvaF
           amount=0.01
           testnet=true

# Specify service URL for connection to bitcoind
- bitcoin: sendtoaddress=1xsb94c9AMkj8GzhqYEJkieCXBpCZPvaF
           amount=0.01
           service_url=http://user:password@127.0.0.1:8332

# Specify port and config file for bitoind client
- bitcoin: sendtoaddress=1xsb94c9AMkj8GzhqYEJkieCXBpCZPvaF
           amount=0.01
           service_port=8332
           btc_conf_file=/path/to/bitcoin.conf
```

## Requirements

- python-bitcoinlib >= 0.5.0
- bitcoind (Bitcoin Core daemon) >= v0.11.0

Commit message:

readme includes table for options and return values

README.md, after:

# Ansible Bitcoin Module

Ansible module for automating Bitcoin transactions.

This is experimental code and should not be used to transfer money. Run bitcoin or bitcoind with the -testnet flag to use the testnet (or put testnet=1 in the bitcoin.conf file).

## Requirements

- python-bitcoinlib >= 0.5.0
- bitcoind (Bitcoin Core daemon) >= v0.11.0

## Options

Parameter     | Required | Default | Choices    | Comments
------------- | -------- | ------- | ---------- | --------
sendtoaddress | yes      |         |            | Public bitcoin address
amount        | yes      |         |            | Amount to transact
testnet       | no       | false   | true/false | Use testnet mode
service_url   | no       |         |            | If not specified, the username and password are read out of the file
service_port  | no       |         |            | The default port is set according to the chain parameters in use: mainnet, testnet
btc_conf_file | no       |         |            | If not specified "~/.bitcoin/bitcoin.conf" or equivalent is used by default.

## Examples

```
# Send 0.01 BTC to 1xsb94c9AMkj8GzhqYEJkieCXBpCZPvaF
- bitcoin: sendtoaddress=1xsb94c9AMkj8GzhqYEJkieCXBpCZPvaF
           amount=0.01

# Send a transaction using testnet
- bitcoin: sendtoaddress=1xsb94c9AMkj8GzhqYEJkieCXBpCZPvaF
           amount=0.01
           testnet=true
```

## Return Values

Name | Description    | Returned | Type   | Sample
---- | -------------- | -------- | ------ | ------
txid | transaction id | success  | string | f5d8ee39a430901c91a5917b9f2dc19d6d1a0e9cea205b009ca73dd04470b9a6
